okay so this is a transmission case that
we're going to be cleaning in the M 115
otherwise known as the mighty one okay
speaking - hi I am would you like to
speak Eli and tell us about it this is
yours for odie Ford truck transmission
case okay we're just going to get good
close-up
okay you're going to lower it in
are now now we don't have any chemical
in there so we're going to add 16 ounces
of synergize or solution this is a
biodegradable cleaning solution it's
non-toxic non-hazardous it goes right
down the drain and we use our tip and
measure to make it really simple now if
we need something more aggressive we
have some other options for cleaners
just start with this
and we're going to do this at a 25
kilohertz frequency okay you can do the
honor step on the foot pedal this one
yep one time tap
all right now we're going to bring it up
looks pretty good now that this is the
10-minute bar
tell me okay the outside of this case is
rough yes a woman approve so this is
what we're really looking at here this
is where all the activity takes place
when the transmission is assembled then
in the car these little passages in the
industry are called worm tracks they're
similar to what a worm would do if it's
buried in the earth and making its way
there the passages that allow the oil to
go where the engineers want the oil to
go to operate the various friction and
driving elements in the transmission
this is what cleanliness is most
important as you can see I'm loosening
what used to be the gaskets with my
thumbnails which are pretty well worn
out at this stage but you can see how
easily the baked-on gaskets to come off
the castings